SMS Messaging Policy
Terms and conditions for receiving SMS messages from The World Shall Be Saved.

By providing your phone number and opting in to receive SMS messages, you agree to the following terms.

Message Content & Frequency
You may receive messages related to your account, discipleship content, event notifications, and direct communication from your network upline or downline. Message frequency will vary based on your activity and network engagement.

Opt-Out
You can cancel the SMS service at any time. Just text "STOP" to the phone number. After you send the SMS message "STOP", we will send you a final SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us.

Help
If you want to join again, just sign up as you did the first time, and we will start sending SMS messages to you again. If at any time you forget what keywords are supported, just text "HELP" to the number. We will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to unsubscribe.

Carriers & Rates
We are able to deliver messages to the following mobile phone carriers: Major carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, MetroPCS, U.S. Cellular, Alltel, Boost Mobile, Nextel, and Virgin Mobile. Minor carriers: Alaska Communications Systems (ACS), Appalachian Wireless (EKN), Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central IL (ECIT), Cellular One of Northeast Pennsylvania, Cincinnati Bell Wireless, Cricket, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), COX, Cross, Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri), Illinois Valley Cellular, Inland Cellular, iWireless (Iowa Wireless), Keystone Wireless (Immix Wireless/PC Man), Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), Nex-Tech Wireless, NTelos, Panhandle Communications, Pioneer, Plateau (Texas RSA 3 Ltd), Revol, RINA, Simmetry (TMP Corporation), Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, Viaero Wireless, and West Central (WCC or 5Star Wireless).

As always, message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider.

Contact
If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our privacy policy or contact us at support@theworldshallbesaved.com.

